---
title: "Why I blog"
last_modified_at:
categories:
   - Why
tags:
   - Why
excerpt: I have registered this account for many years, but never published a story about who I was or what intention I held while making this registration, cause I can not figure it out myself. But things went clear when I’m getting to that place where it’s easier to remember your childhood holidays than it is to recall what you did last week.
---


I have registered this account[[Medium](https://medium.com/@eian.zhang)]for many years,
but never published a story about who I was or what intention I held while making this registration, cause I can not figure it out myself. But things went clear when I’m getting to that place where it’s easier to remember your childhood holidays than it is to recall what you did last week.

To pursue the passions behind the popularity and shininess of technology at that very time,  we are chasing awareness of ourselves. By doing this, we might think we are among the most advanced people in the universe, the freshness and attractive style of the 'tech-things' confused our thoughts about the world and human beings living in it.

Fortunately, we are not late, and it will never be too later.

If you ask me what I would do if given a chance to choose at that time again, still I would do the same things as I did before. The reason is different though the fact of choice seems almost remain the same.

It is not a business of ages, but a way of thinking. We perceive the reality of the world by functions of eyesight, smell, taste, touch, and hearing. They can make us smart, and, at the same time, can drag us into stupidness if without the help of thinking.

In the definition from Aristotle in the *Prior Analytics*, from the combination of a general statement (the major premise) and a specific statement (the minor premise), a conclusion is deduced, it is called a syllogism<small>(逻辑三段论)</small>. For example, knowing that all men are mortal (major premise) and that Socrates is a man (minor premise), we may validly conclude that Socrates is mortal. Syllogistic arguments are usually represented in a three-line form:

> All men are mortal.  
  Socrates is a man.  
  Therefore, Socrates is mortal.

Simply by placing letters and orders can we make a lively simulation, but this 'lively' isn't an energetic one, it's dull. If explained in the term of Physics, supposing the reality is a four-dimensional space, the logic[or anything believed as truth e.g. formula] then would be just the realities' shadow on the two-dimensional surface. Linguistically, the reality can only be a temporary projection of a much bigger world. Our way of thinking, however, is heavily affected by languages. Thus instead of collecting the whole plate, most of the time, when made mistakes, we are collecting fragments from different places but trying to assemble them. A triangle can not fit into a circle on the same surface. Then how shall we pursue the verity? Since the truth is from reality, live in the real-life with the golden heart you had while chasing after the steps of what you believe was true, in the world, not the word.

This concept is so abstractive that if we have no enough inner peace,  no idea would exist in our head about what a concrete real-life is. What can we do if equipped with restricted weapons?

As time passes by, what left has been left, what's in the future hasn't arrived yet. Physically our bodies live only in the present, our mind, in the contrast, can live at any time.  The reality of the world can't be changed, in our head, the fact is changing all the time.

> Know yourself and know the enemy, and you can fight a hundred battles with no danger of defeat.
>> *The art of war* ,  Sun Tzu  (<small>孙子兵法</small>)

As same as the brain's time travel, we can be travelers once combining different sentences beautifully. We are moving and crossing among the spacetime when writing, it's a little bit like what the brain is doing when receiving messages from other organs. Only by traveling from different eras can we find the links which will never be found from a surface. Thus writing gives us opportunities to reorganize the orders through discovering the links and passages between various facts. It will not only help us improve the elaborative faculty[cause we are doing the things the brain usually does, in a more effective and awake way], but also build the ability to enjoy a peaceful and joyful life once we get along well with our mind.

So, do you think my intention of writing has been unveiled?

I just like it. [just kidding]
